rule 1:

After an insertion from root,

    active_node remains root
    active_edge is set to the first character of the new suffix we need to insert, i.e. b
    active_length is reduced by 1

Rule 2:

    If we split an edge and insert a new node, and if that is not the first node 
	created during the current step, we connect the previously inserted node and 
	the new node through a special pointer, a suffix link. We will later see why 
	that is useful. Here is what we get, the suffix link is represented as a dotted edge:
	
Rule 3:

    After splitting an edge from an active_node that is not the root node, 
	we follow the suffix link going out of that node, if there is any, and 
	reset the active_node to the node it points to. If there is no suffix link, 
	we set the active_node to the root. active_edge and active_length remain unchanged.

Modified
Observation 1

When the final suffix we need to insert is found to exist in the tree already, 
the tree itself is not changed at all (we only update the active point and remainder).

Observation 2

If at some point active_length is greater or equal to the length of current edge (edge_length), 
we move our active point down until edge_length is strictly greater than active_length.

Rule 1
    after splitting and inserting an edge
    If after an insertion from the active node = root, the active length is greater than 0, then:

        active node is not changed
        active length is decremented
        active edge is shifted right (to the first character of the next suffix we must insert)

Rule 2

    If we create a new internal node OR make an inserter from an internal node, 
	and this is not the first SUCH internal node at current step, then we link 
	the previous SUCH node with THIS one through a suffix link.

Rule 3

    After an insert from the active node which is not the root node, 
	we must follow the suffix link and set the active node to the node it points to. 
	If there is no a suffix link, set the active node to the root node. Either way, active edge a
	nd active length stay unchanged. In this definition of Rule 3 we also consider 
	the inserts of leaf nodes (not only split-nodes).

And finally, Observation 3:

When the symbol we want to add to the tree is already on the edge, we, according to Observation 1, 
update only active point and remainder, leaving the tree unchanged. BUT if there is an internal node 
marked as needing suffix link, we must connect that node with our current active node through a suffix link.